# MAJOR2-PROJECT
 ## OVERVIEW
 Sentiment analysis refers to the task of natural language processing to determine whether a piece of text contains some subjective information and what subjective information it expresses, i.e., whether the attitude behind this text is positive, negative, or neutral. Understanding the opinions behind user-generated content automatically is of great help for commercial and political use, among others. The task can be conducted on different levels, classifying the polarity of words, sentences It is the computational study of people’s opinions, sentiments, attitudes, and emotions expressed in written language. It is one of the most active research areas in natural language processing and text mining in recent years. Its popularity is mainly due to two reasons. First it has a wide range of applications because opinions are central to almost all human activities and are key influencers of our behaviors. Whenever we need to decide, we want to hear other’s opinion, second it presents many challenging research problems.
 
 ## OBJECTIVE 
 It’s been a long year of sickness, devastation, grief, and hopelessness, but the global rollout of COVID-19 vaccines has sparked feelings of relief and newfound optimism for so many. The discussion of vaccination progress, accessibility, efficacy, and side effects is ongoing, and it is permeating through news stories and Twitter spheres each day. However, as online users, our visibility is limited to our own echo chambers. Thus, the motivation for this project is to widen my perspective on the state of the global pandemic by harnessing the power of Twitter data. Our task is to determine the sentiments of users on tweeter regarding vaccines, and how people are aware about new covid vaccines recently coming into the trend. We have use two models yet logistic regression, Support Vector Machine(SVM).We also use grid search for increase the accuracy in logistic regression and support vector machine and we also use deep learning model LSTM.
 
 
